README.md, before:

# FlipSocial
The first social media app for Flipper Zero. Connect with other users directly on your device through WiFi.

The highlight of this app is customizable pre-saves, which, as explained below, aim to address the challenges of typing with the directional pad.

FlipSocial uses the FlipperHTTP flash for the WiFi Devboard, first introduced in the WebCrawler app:https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP

## Requirements
- WiFi Dev Board or Raspberry Pi Pico W for Flipper Zero with FlipperHTTP Flash: https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP
- WiFi Access Point


## Features
- Login/Logout
- Registration
- Feed
- Profile
- Customizable Pre-Saves
- Explore (NEW)
- Friends (NEW)
- Direct Messaging (NEW)

**Login/Logout:** Log in to your account to view and post on the Feed. You can also change your password and log out when needed.

**Registration:** Create an account with just a username and password—no email or personal information required or collected.

**Feed:** View up to 50 of the latest posts, create your own posts, and "Flip" a post—FlipSocial’s version of liking or favoriting a post.

**Customizable Pre-Saves:** The biggest challenge with a social media app on the Flipper Zero is using only the directional pad for input. To address this, I implemented a pre-saved text system. The pre-saves are stored in a pre_saved_messages.txt file on your SD card. You can edit the pre-saves by opening qFlipper, downloading the file from the /apps_data/flip_social/ folder, adding your pre-saves (separated by new lines), and then copying it back to your SD card. You can also create pre-saves directly within the app.

**Explore:** Discover other users and add them as friends.

**Friends:** View and remove friends.

**Direct Messaging:** Send direct messages to other Flipper users and view your conversations.

## Roadmap
**v0.2**
- Stability Patch

**v0.3**
- Explore Page
- Friends

**v0.4**
- Direct Messaging

**v0.5**
- Improved memory allocation
- Improved Feed Page
- Raspberry Pi Pico W Support

**v0.6**
- Improved User Profile (Bio, friend count, block)

**v0.7**
- Improved Explore Page

**v0.8**
- Create and Post Pixel Art

**v1.0**
- Official Release

## Contribution
This is a big project, and I welcome all contributors, especially developers interested in animations and graphics. Fork the repository, create a pull request, and I will review your edits.

## Known Bugs
1. When clicking any button other than the BACK button in the Feed view, post creation view, messages view, or the friends view, the app doesn't respond to inputs.
- **Solution:** Restart your Flipper device.
   
2. When trying to log in, the app shows "Awaiting response..." and nothing happens for more than 30 seconds.
- **Solution 1:** Update your WiFi credentials. Sometimes, you just need to hit Save again on either the SSID or password.
- **Solution 2:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart the app.
- **Solution 3:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart your Flipper device.
   
3. When accessing the Feed, I keep getting the message "Either the feed didn’t load or there was a server error."
- **Solution 1:** Update your WiFi credentials. Sometimes, you just need to hit Save again on either the SSID or password.
- **Solution 2:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart the app.
- **Solution 3:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart your Flipper device.
   
4. The Feed is empty.
- **Solution 1:** Update your WiFi credentials. Sometimes, you just need to hit Save again on either the SSID or password.
- **Solution 2:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart the app.
- **Solution 3:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart your Flipper device.

5. Out of memory when starting the app or after visiting the feed and post views back-to-back.
- **Solution:** Restart your Flipper device.

Commit message:

FlipSocial - v0.6
- Improved memory allocation
- Fixed bugs in Direct Messaging View
- Fixed bugs in Pre-Save View

README.md, after:

# FlipSocial
The first social media app for Flipper Zero. Connect with other users directly on your device through WiFi.

The highlight of this app is customizable pre-saves, which, as explained below, aim to address the challenges of typing with the directional pad.

FlipSocial uses the FlipperHTTP flash for the WiFi Devboard, first introduced in the WebCrawler app: https://github.com/jblanked/WebCrawler-FlipperZero/tree/main/assets/FlipperHTTP

## Requirements
- WiFi Dev Board or Raspberry Pi Pico W for Flipper Zero with FlipperHTTP Flash: https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP
- WiFi Access Point


## Features
- Login/Logout
- Registration
- Feed
- Profile
- Customizable Pre-Saves
- Explore (NEW)
- Friends (NEW)
- Direct Messaging (NEW)

**Login/Logout:** Log in to your account to view and post on the Feed. You can also change your password and log out when needed.

**Registration:** Create an account with just a username and password—no email or personal information required or collected.

**Feed:** View up to 50 of the latest posts, create your own posts, and "Flip" a post—FlipSocial’s version of liking or favoriting a post.

**Customizable Pre-Saves:** The biggest challenge with a social media app on the Flipper Zero is using only the directional pad for input. To address this, I implemented a pre-saved text system. The pre-saves are stored in a pre_saved_messages.txt file on your SD card. You can edit the pre-saves by opening qFlipper, downloading the file from the /apps_data/flip_social/ folder, adding your pre-saves (separated by new lines), and then copying it back to your SD card. You can also create pre-saves directly within the app.

**Explore:** Discover other users and add them as friends.

**Friends:** View and remove friends.

**Direct Messaging:** Send direct messages to other Flipper users and view your conversations.

## Roadmap
**v0.2**
- Stability Patch

**v0.3**
- Explore Page
- Friends

**v0.4**
- Direct Messaging

**v0.5**
- Improved memory allocation
- Improved Feed Page
- Raspberry Pi Pico W Support

**v0.6**
- Improved memory allocation
- Fixed bugs in Direct Messaging View
- Fixed bugs in Pre-Save View

**v0.7**
- Improved User Profile (Bio, friend count, block)
- Improved Explore Page

**v0.8**
- Create and Post Pixel Art

**v1.0**
- Official Release

## Contribution
This is a big project, and I welcome all contributors, especially developers interested in animations and graphics. Fork the repository, create a pull request, and I will review your edits.

## Known Bugs
1. When clicking any button other than the BACK button in the Feed view, post creation view, messages view, or the friends view, the app doesn't respond to inputs.
- **Solution:** Restart your Flipper device.
   
2. When trying to log in, the app shows "Awaiting response..." and nothing happens for more than 30 seconds.
- **Solution 1:** Update your WiFi credentials. Sometimes, you just need to hit Save again on either the SSID or password.
- **Solution 2:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart the app.
- **Solution 3:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart your Flipper device.
   
3. When accessing the Feed, I keep getting the message "Either the feed didn’t load or there was a server error."
- **Solution 1:** Update your WiFi credentials. Sometimes, you just need to hit Save again on either the SSID or password.
- **Solution 2:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart the app.
- **Solution 3:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart your Flipper device.
   
4. The Feed is empty.
- **Solution 1:** Update your WiFi credentials. Sometimes, you just need to hit Save again on either the SSID or password.
- **Solution 2:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart the app.
- **Solution 3:** Ensure your WiFi Devboard is plugged in, then restart your Flipper device.

5. Out of memory when starting the app or after visiting the feed and post views back-to-back.
- **Solution:** Restart your Flipper device.
